Add custom category and rule for naming conventions (#235)
StyraInc/regal: README.md

Regal comes with a set of built-in rules, grouped by category.

- **bugs**: Common mistakes, potential bugs and inefficiencies in Rego policies.

> - **custom**: Custom, or organizational rules, where you decide what to enforce.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **custom**: Custom, rules where enforcement can be adjusted to match your organization or team preferences.
```

Author: Thanks! I shortened it down to just "your preferences" so that we wouldn't have a linke break in that list.

<!-- RULES_TABLE_END -->

By default, all rules except for those in the `custom` category are currently **enabled**.

If you'd like to see more rules, please [open an issue](https://github.com/StyraInc/regal/issues) for your feature
request, or better yet, submit a PR! See the [custom rules](/docs/custom-rules.md) page for more information on how to
develop your own rules, for yourself or for inclusion in Regal.

### Custom Rules

The `custom` category is a special one, as the rules in this category allow you to enforce rules that are specific to

> your project, team or organization. This typically include things like naming conventions, where you might want to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
your project, team or organization. This typically includes things like naming conventions, where you might want to
```

Author: Thanks! Fixed.

> ensure that e.g. all package names adhere to an organizational standard, like having a prefix matching the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ensure, for example, that all package names adhere to an organizational standard, like having a prefix matching the
```

Author: Fixed!
